docs(blog): add proxy capabilities (#1364)
microlinkhq/www: src/pages/blog/proxy-capabilities.md

---
title: 'Microlink Proxy: How it works'
image: 'https://i.imgur.com/Ckf9Tau.png'
date: '2021-06-07'
---

All [Microlink Pro](#pricing) plans come with a built-in proxy layer called that does automatic proxy resolution & rotation based on the input URL.

## What's wrong with URLs

> Internet is wild place, where every URL is different. That's specially an issue when you are doing things at scale.

Reviewer: The Internet

> Internet is wild place, where every URL is different. That's specially an issue when you are doing things at scale.

Reviewer: especially

![](https://i.imgur.com/pVPDpao.png)

<Figcaption>
  {'A '}
  <Link href='https://github.com/microlinkhq/metascraper/issues/417' children='metascraper issue' /> facing with fetching problems.
</Figcaption>

When you are surfing the net and visit a website, there are situations you can't handle at all:

- The are geographic location restrictions (e.g., visiting a site from China).
- Your IP address is blacklisted (e.g., performing request from a data center).
- You have to validate your identity (e.g., filling a CAPTCHA).

> You can quickly face with these problems when you send enough traffic to popular sites, like Instagram or Bloomberg, making it indeterministic to get a successful response in a consistent way.

Reviewer: "You can quickly face ~~with~~ these problems when you send enough traffic to popular sites, like Instagram or Bloomberg, which, in turn, makes getting a successful response inconsistent. ~~indeterministic  to get a successful response in a consistent way.~~

^
This one is a bit tricky, but I think this is a bit clearer...

## Resolving URLs gracefully

> What would happen if, every time you want to retrieve data from any URL, the URL just returns the data, handling all casuistics to be transparent for the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wouldn't it be nice if every time you want to retrieve data from any URL, the Microlink API just returns the data, all while handling any of the above problems transparently?
```
